Adding date fields param to tableToMarkdown (#14987)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_13_37.md

#### Scripts
##### CommonServerPython

> - Added the *date_fields* param to tableToMarkdown to support displaying dates in a human-readable format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *date_fields* argument to the *tableToMarkdown* function to support displaying dates in a human-readable format.
```
